(Final Episode)
Wait.
Are you looking for this?
Bring that lighter first.
You got your stuff now. I want my friend back.
Your friend?
I heard he's a conman.
What's so bad about a conman? I'm much better than a murderer.
Did you get rid of him?
This is... This isn't what you promised.
Your expertise is...
covering up something with another, getting more dangerous as you go.
Why was it so hard for this little thing to come to me?
You're right.
I turned a blind eye...
to Chairman Jo's corruption just once when I was a detective.
After I became a prosecutor,
Chairman Jo helped me out.
This is it. Detective Song's story.
That's how you made that corrupt detective.
What did you do with Detective Song?
I don't want to be an embarrassment to Ji An.
Jung Hwan, I'm sorry.
Those two kids worked so hard...
to find this evidence.
I'm going to turn it in.
Jung Hwan!
That's how I pushed him over.
I did that on an impulse,
but I don't regret doing so.
If I didn't stop Ji Seok,
I wouldn't...
be sitting here at this moment.
Okay.
Are we done now?
If I give you the money,
you won't tell anyone about...
killing...
To be honest,
you can't hear the important parts.
I'm going to make him confess.
Confess?
Okay, let's say that he did that.
But it's hard to record that on video or in audio.
And Kim Jong Doo already got him once.
Yes.
That's the problem.
He may be fooled once, but not twice.
Captain Yoo, you know nothing about fraud.
Someone who's been fooled once...
can be fooled twice.
Are you looking for this?
Bring that lighter first.
We have to make him confess with the lighter in his hand.
That's how I pushed him over.
I did it on an impulse,
but I don't regret it.
- On that lighter... - The tiny camera.
- On that side. - Here?
How about here?
It's done. Look through this end.
We'll add one more secret function.
A secret camera.
Who do you think received...
the footage from that camera?
Why was it so hard for this little thing to come to me?
I turned a blind eye to Chairman Jo's corruption.
- That's it! - We got it!
- We got him this time! - After I became a prosecutor...
We got you this time.
(Video mail)
That's how I pushed him over.
- I did it on an impulse. - Who's this?
- But I don't regret it. - It's Tak Jung Hwan.
If I didn't stop Ji Seok,
I wouldn't be sitting here at this moment.
Hey.
It's all over now.
That lighter just captured you...
admitting to everything.
You die.
Watch the news.
We have a newsflash.
We just received a video of...
Director Tak Jung Hwan who was going to be appointed...
Minister of Justice admitting to murder.
Here it is.
(Tak Jung Hwan)
Why was it so hard for this little thing to come to me?
That's how I pushed him over.
I did it on an impulse,
but I don't regret it.
If I didn't stop Ji Seok,
I wouldn't be sitting here at this moment.
This video is a confession stating that...
he killed Detective Song Ji Seok 16 years ago.
We believe this will create...
huge ripples in the legal and political community.
It was believed that...
Song Ji Seok was corrupt and had killed himself.
In reality, he had been murdered by Tak Jung Hwan.
It was made to look like a suicide, and the corruption charges faked.
Detective Song Ji Seok...
Detective Song Ji Seok was my father.
I am pleased to be able to report the truth about his death.
It's all over.
No.
How far will you go?
Can I ask you for a favor?
Soo A.
For the last time,
can I ask you for a favor?
Director Tak.
If you want me dead, do it yourself.
Did you ever wonder...
why Tak Jung Hwan never did it himself?
Why he always made you kill?
I'm meant to do...
great things for our country.
She can do things like that.
That's what she was born to do.
That son of a gun.
Now, do you see?
What the man you were...
so loyal to made you do?
Soo A.
Do as I say.
Just once more.
Can I ask you for a favor?
No.
Why?
Why did you...
stab yourself?
Soo A. Soo A.
Soo A!
- What... - Get an ambulance.
Get an ambulance!
- Soo A! - The jerk.
I feel sorry and guilty toward the people...
who died because of me.
Jin Soo A. I think...
she might come around.
Someone else will be in Soo Chang's hospital bed.
Gosh, it's stuffy in here.
Did you get rid of him?
- Dong Tak. - The EMTs are here.
Over here.
- What? - Get over here now.
Gong Soo Chang isn't doing so well.
Today is the 49th day.
Detective Cha.
I'm really scared now.
Hang in there, Soo Chang.
Please. Hang in there.
Could you give us a comment?
This investigation was not carried out...
according to legal procedures,
and there was no evidence to back it up.
Therefore, I shall go free.
Do you deny all the charges?
The charges?
There were none whatsoever.
I was targeted purely because I was about to...
become Minister of Justice.
I'm Prosecutor Tak Jae Hee.
The investigation on Director Tak...
was legal and carried out under my supervision.
I will...
reveal the truth to the whole of Korea.
You choose.
You're a prosecutor.
I hope you justify your prosecutor badge.
We will...
charge Director Tak...
for murder and instigation of murder.
Let's go.
When was this planned?
Isn't Director Tak...
- your father? - You will charge your own father?
Jae Hee.
Remember just one thing.
I did it all...
for your sake.
Yes. I know that.
I am doing this for your sake.
- Cuff him. - Yes, sir.
- Step back. - You can all leave.
- Let's go. - Go, go.
Those who are guilty will pay now.
Exactly.
That's why we're detectives, kid.
- 100 joules. - Charged.
1, 2, shoot.
- 150 joules. - Charged.
- 200 joules. - Charged.
1, 2, shoot.
I think I'm really about to die.
- Pulse? - Not yet.
Keep going.
Do you want to save him?
Then...
give it to him.
No way. Is that it?
Give him my body so he can live?
- Now? - Not yet.
Check his vitals again.
Goodbye,
Cha Dong Tak.
What happened?
Atonement.
The detective gave you his body.
This was your homework.
Stay in there until your own body dies.
Then you can live in him forever.
And Cha Dong Tak?
He'll never come back.
The idiot.
No.
No!
[VIU Ver] E32 Two Cops "49th Day"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Why did you do it? Why?
Do you want to make me a thief who stole your body?
No.
Soo Chang.
You're back.
Who...
Me?
Come on.
It's me, Ko Bong.
- Bong? - Your sidekick.
I don't kick people.
Why...
What are you doing?
Wait.
We picked pockets and conned people together.
What are you saying?
You suddenly show up and call me a pickpocket and conman?
I'm a model citizen.
You seem pretty young.
Don't live like that.
Don't waste the rest of your life.
Be honest.
You fell into the Han River with a detective...
and woke up after being in a coma for 49 days.
- What are you saying? - Soo Chang.
Do you really not remember me?
Something must be wrong with his brain.
Who's Soo Chang?
Do you not remember me, Soo Chang?
Did we meet somewhere before?
No, right?
My goodness, you're so not my type.
Hang on.
Did he damage his brain?
Hey.
Here.
What's this?
Thank you.
You looked after me.
Right.
- Does it smell nice? - Yes.
It's good to see you like this.
- You. - What?
What, sir?
It's good to see you in your body.
Hey.
Did I not have a body or something?
Did I walk around like a ghost?
Gong Soo Chang, do you really...
not remember?
I don't. I can't remember.
Who are you? Am I Gong Soo Chang?
Yes.
My forever...
partner.
You and I, did we do something together?
We did a lot. And got into trouble.
We caught bad guys.
Am I a cop?
Yes.
You were better than a cop.
You were a fraud.
What? What?
- Ready? Drink to the death - Drink to the death
Director Tak Jung Hwan, Jin Soo A,
and Chairman Jo. Well done on getting them all.
Especially you, Dong Tak. Well done.
I just did my job.
Dong Ki, being jobless seems to suit you.
You look so handsome now.
Come on.
I'm not jobless.
Captain, your recommendation worked. I got a job. Thank you.
Did it work out? That's great.
That's one more thing to celebrate.
Is today a special day?
I bet Hang Joon crossed over in peace.
I bet.
That's why we worked so hard.
- It's freezing cold. - Salute.
- Hey. - Hey!
- You can't drink that. - Gosh.
You invited me, and that was my first shot.
On a day like this, we need to be prepared.
Hey.
- Give me one. - That's all I had.
- I only had one packet. - These are good.
There are a few left.
Okay, then.
Hang Joon.
This is his.
Gosh, it's cold.
It really is winter. It's freezing cold.
- Hey. - Hey!
Why did you drink that?
You quack!
Do you still work here?
Why ask?
I don't pick pockets now.
Then date me.
- What? - Date?
I'll date anyone but pickpockets, frauds,
and gold diggers.
Why would...
a cop try to dupe a pickpocket?
It's not a con.
I'm asking you to be my girlfriend.
- Girlfriend. - Girlfriend?
Me, yours?
Do you think...
I'll run away?
Fine. Let's date.
- It's on. - It's on.
Well done.
- Is it day one? - Congratulations.
I want to date too.
Is that angel woman okay?
Yes.
Her surgery went well.
What about Mr. Tak? Is he doing well?
Right about now, he'll be with the prosecutor he hates the most.
We shall begin the interrogation.
Here are your rights.
You can answer...
the following questions with a yes or a no.
Do you understand?
You are well-taught.
Thanks for clearing my dad's name...
and for catching the killer.
You did everything you had to do...
and kept your promise with Soo Chang.
I still have a lot to do.
There are numbers of victims out there.
A detective always promises that they'll catch the criminal.
I still have a lot to go...
to keep all my promises.
Detective Cha, you sound like a real grown-up.
A real good grown-up.
You're a real grown-up too.
Oh, congratulations on reporting your news live.
Thank you.
Right, where do you reckon Soo Chang is?
If he never gets his memory back,
he might never return to see us.
Are you disappointed?
I'm not.
"I like your attitude."
"Ssong, from now on, you will only look at me,"
"get angry at me, and only smile at me."
Isn't that what he said?
You surprised me.
That's hot.
Be careful.
(Jo Hang Joon)
Hey, are you crying?
Gosh.
How many times do I have to tell you?
I have dry eyes.
I finally got them all, Hang Joon.
Dong Tak.
Now, you'll surely live well without me.
Great job, Detective Cha Dong Tak.
It's been so long since I looked up into the sky.
Do you have a lighter?
You look like a detective.
How rude of you to ask me for a lighter?
Gosh, I'm so sick of that darned lighter.
You continue to be so rude to your elder.
Who's my elder?
I asked Detective Jo in front of his ashes,
and he told us to be friends.
If you insist on being older than me or something,
it'll only complicate things.
How can a detective be friends with a crook?
Fine, we'll be friends.
If you joke around...
and say that you don't remember, I'll kill you.
No.
I'm going to joke around.
That's who I am.
I just want to be me.
- What are these? - What do you think? Handcuffs.
The key is at the station.
My gosh.
What will you do from now on?
I'm not sure.
I want...
to keep doing what I'm good at.
What?
Being a crook?
No.
I'm going to stick right next to you...
- Oh, a detective's sidekick. - A sidekick?
I can't believe you use such an old word.
There's a better word.
A partner.
Hey, that hurts. Let me go now.
I don't have the key. It's at the police station.
- Stop joking around. - I'm not. I mean it.
Are you insane?
Wait, you're trying to make me drive.
- Looking good. - Looking...
Gosh, nothing changed even after I came back to my body.
- All right, let's go. - Where are we going?
- Come on. - Why are you suddenly running?
1, 2, 3.
You're too fast.
Cha Dong Tak!